# Motivation

## Overall problem statement

We need a way to formally and succinctly define a homework assignment, and be able to verify an existing one. We also need an infrastructure for distributing and maintaining various forms of this definition. 

## Defining a homework assignment

We define a **homework assignment** as a set of homework problems. A **homework problem** is comprised of **test cases**, which are themselves sets of information determining how a student's solution to the problem should be evaluated. Thus, a test case is the "atom" (lowest building block) for this project.

## What a test case should include

### Evaluating test cases

In order to evaluate the students' solutions, we need a solution of our own that behaves the way we want the student solution to behave. To accomplish this, we write a **solution function** that embodies a good solution (not necessarily the only or even the best) to the posed problem.

To evaluate the student and our solutions, we need to specify what inputs we need to run them. We define an **input** as any piece of data that is given to the function somehow and changes how that function behaves. With this definition, we include normal variable inputs and file inputs.

# `homeworkGenerator`

## Problem statement

We need a way of grouping different problem packages (generated by the test case generator) together into one big package. Additionally, we need a way to translate and transmit this big package for different uses, including to `getMostRecentFiles` (for the students) and to Google Drive (for the autograder). Essentially, the homework generator is responsible for collecting many problem packages together and making them ready and available for students and the autograder.

# `testCaseGenerator`

## Problem statement

The test case generator is responsible for formally defining a problem in standard format and defining how it should be graded. Essentially, the test case generator is responsible for writing a problem that is ready to be graded.

## What it has to do

The test case generator will produce a **problem package**, which contains everything relevant to a particular problem. Ideally, the problem package produced could be sent directly to the autograder for grading.

### What the problem package needs to include

- Solution function
- Function call (inputs/outputs named)
- Supporting files (if any)
- Initializer (if any)
- Input variables via `.mat` file(s), if needed
- Banned function names
- Whether the problem is recursive or not

_Note:_ The test case generator **does not** specify point values for each test case! That is during compilation by the homework generator.

### Problem package directory specification

The problem package will have the following directory layout:

- `problemName/`
    - `problemName.m`
    - `initializer.m`
    - `student/`
        - `inputs.mat`
        - `student.json`
        - `supportingFiles/`
            - `supFile1.txt`
            - `supFile2.png`
    - `submission/`
        - ...
    - `resubmission/`
        - ...

### Submission package `json` specification

Each submission package (i.e. each of `student/`, `submission/`, and `resubmission/`) will have a `json` file with the name of the respective submission package (i.e. the `student` folder will contain `student.json`, etc.). 

This `json` file will contain exactly the following fields:

- `name`: name of the function, without `.m` extension
- `isRecursive`: true/false
- `banned`: cell array of banned functions
- `supportingFiles`: cell array of paths to supporting files
- `calls`: cell array of the test case's function calls
- `intializer`: the initializer function
- `loadFile`: any `.mat` files that must be loaded before calling the function

